Level 1
The whole world thought I was crazy. “Martians are coming!” I would shout to the public. Everyone rejected my claims. My friends left me. I lost contact to my family. What hurt me the most was that the person I loved the most left me. After getting abducted that one night, I became obsessed with Martians. I only survived that night because I won a duel to the death. The Martian invasion on Earth had started. A duel would be the only way to end this.


A Martian spaceship landed in the distance. I decided I would need to go to Mars.

﻿﻿

Level 2
Within half an hour of boarding the spaceship I had arrived outside of Mars. My heart rate spiked. A whole army of Martian ships were in front of me. Being in a Martian spaceship I was able to slip in. Near the end of the army I heard an alien language from the ship. I didn’t know how to respond. Soon I was under attack. 
﻿﻿
Level 3
After the battle I managed to escape, but my spaceship was heavily damaged. I crash landed on Mars and was soon captured afterwards. While in captivity I pleaded a duel with their leader. With my victory I wanted to stop the invasion. However I had nothing to give in return if I lost. The leader still agreed to my terms. However in this duel, the odds would be against me.
﻿﻿
Epilouge
With the defeat of the Martian Queen, the invasion on Earth was called off. I wanted to go back home. I’m sure my friends and family would apologize to me. The love of my life would come back to me. I’d finally be able to live the life I had lost.

This wasn’t the case. After the duel The Martians had surrounded me with their weapons pointed at me. They assured me I the invasion was over. My only mistake was that I never guaranteed my safety in the term of the duel.

In my final moments all I could think about was my love. I lost her after learning about the existence of Martians. She broke my heart, when she choose to believe in the reality that had no Martians. I hoped she wouldn’t haunted by her last words to me. When she said we lived in different Worlds.

